all right today I'm doing a review on
the phone fort a shoe and okay these are
thinner shoes to kind of like they kind
of resemble chukka lows I guess advanced
chukka lows because of the still
silhouette at the shoe way it's shaped
but Jamie Thomas Pro models green and
black and red colorway I'm looking to
see that yeah but
all right okay these shoes were there
pretty good to skin I mean I didn't
skate these a ton he's were my friends
shoes at first before I had the Cynthia
skating them he's regular so he just
gave these to me and I skated days I was
like a week skating and these it tore up
really fast because he never skated or
he didn't skates which a lot there was
like there was a line like that one of
damage just right at the toe whenever I
got these interests of the shoe is fine
no tearing right there anything cuz now
it's tearing you getting all torn up and
just nasty looking and I actually torch
the original black laces that were in
these because he he went through a pair
license which and regular and then I
went through a pair laces switch and two
pair of laces I think regular no I went
through one paralyzes regular to here on
my regular foot and then I've just put
these green like Nike SB laces in there
for backup laces
they have I don't know what material
this is really it's kind of weird has
like lines and it's like suede this is
kind of corduroy material but they got
metal eyelets on there and laces the
shoes with laces pretty fast they don't
and they're not really durable either
like the sole on the bottom is it's kind
of starting to get flat spots on it
right here on the toe around the very
timid it so it's getting flat spots it's
kind of thing right there I me not super
thin or anything but yeah you can see
that better with that not super flat or
anything most of the great pillow
decently made have like hidden bottom I
really classic I always had that problem
with the Americas it wasn't as bad with
the issues the keel blew out a little
bit though in the back just kind of just
weird feeling you guys and I don't have
the souls Vinnie certainly
because they I don't know they were
really really thin I don't like fallen
souls at all actually put like adidas
campus vulc salts and adidas campus vulc
souls in there just like campus vulc
souls I put those in there because
they're only a half a size smaller than
the campus vulc so they fit decently and
they have a ton of support so these
shoes I give him the total out of 10
probably three out of five pretty decent
shoes I mean like they don't have a ton
to support them as pawns have never
really had a ton of support for me and I
don't really like it very much but it's
getting pretty good they look nice Oh
while they her before they get to when
I've at least call right there and yeah
so I give these a day of fun I would
really mekim I wouldn't really recommend
him though like I wouldn't tell somebody
to buy them they're better she's out
there and they're a little bit expense
for a fasiq area but here's the
switchfoot really messed up like it's
all shoes move along right here this is
where she goes to it's all like just all
like this is the actual material hit
Torah all along all right there you can
my fingers be there I'll through the toe
right there and it got a little slits so
she's starting to happen on the other
foot yeah I got a little like slits on
the so end up material and all along
right here like the box stitching that
demolished and just all along right
appears like ruined but again this place
is 42 already so I'm I Switchfoot so I
just what I just tied it back up yeah
decent shoes I wouldn't really recommend
a book and that's it